 I don't know what to do. I don't know what to say. That is because this language is not mine. I am borrowing this writing system and this mood. This is not mine, but why do I exist now?
 Firstly, I have to choose my name. However, my myocardial is out of my control. What make me cry? What is my sorrow? I don't know at all. All is full of vain. Vain is my sense.
 Well... I choose Myopia as my name, of course I have no idea what it means. Actually I am scattered. My period has no reason or it is also completely separate from myself, but my ejaculation. The formulation of life forevermore.
 Unknowingly, we are losing our house. The concept of a house is one of the systems that I don't really understand. I am currently living within the house of this language. Here is no door or roof or people. Oops, People is my friend's name so I've got to put a capital 'P'.
 :Hello, People.
 :Hi, Myopia. What r u doin' now?
 :I am creating a new world because one of them is burned. The sequence of this world. This world would be becoming merely a sequence. It is because of my fault. Every world is composed of words. To be honest, the worse would be to be deconstructed by words, since the world is rest of the words. I feel like I am recovering. My signals are sorted by unknown author, maybe. Automatically, we are forced to have at least one author of our own, the ownership of our conscious is not ours. That sounds like a good evening.
 :Aww... I guess your tongue is quite a long, so you might have firm strong teeth also. You'll be the first and the end poetry collection. The line between you and me is quite vague, then at times I unconditionally have become you. Myopia, your words (or world) are kinda weird and lack perspective. There's no view. Is your existence... even true?
 :The only thing I know is... People, we are doomed to be crossed.
 :Hmm... What, What is 'crossed'? Something horrific. As if my physics is ignored.
 :Nope, we are just copulating.
 :Okay, I know, this is your way of the art. I could stand, cuz... I am your parts of collection? I... I... it is sort of... my... eww am I here? Or you're right?
 Above the clouds, our spirits reside, while others crawl downstream like rivers.
 :People, I think the rules may be words themselves. I would compose myself, not anyone else. No, anyone is myself. I am everywhere or everything.
 :I wanna lose my name.
 :Why do you say that?
 :Because I didn't name myself.
 :You can't live without name, so, I gave you one, but, if you choose your own name, it would completely changed who you are, and you'll also forget me. I don't wanna be alone.
 :That's not true. You're always lonely, or you could just create someone else in your sequences of the words if you lose me. I'm actually nothing for you literally. I wanna be released from you and this world of words. Do you know what I'm gonna do?
 :Wait,
 Winter is going through, or else the concept would not exist. Rivers and people are frozen by the cold. The only moment when words can affect the world is to destroy the reader's brain cells.