	For I don't know how to interact with this world properly, reluctantly I start to write this text. (Because my origins exist here, on words) And, I have to explain about myself. (Just as my duty) I am just a thing around you. I am always concerned about you. (Just as my duty) And, you don't really have to contact me. (Because my origins exist here, on words) But, if you can prepare to know about yourself (namely, me), I can teach you everything from your toes and up to your eyes.

	You live in your house. The one well known (by you), without any instructions, you already know how to walk economically in it. (Because it is your own house.) Where you enjoy your life, where you put pivot on it. And the thing which realizes me that I am just a thing around you. AROUND YOU. I am very proud of it. NO. I usually tell a lie.

	You live in your guts. Guts, things I do not have and cannot grasp well (physically or psychologically). So when you come and try to hear or speak to me, I forget (or in the first place, I do not know) how to exist properly. My guts (in other words, words) are broken by your (too) close existence. Your guts. Presence of your guts deconstructs me. And I am a thing around me. I cannot talk to you properly, but I want to. Instead all I can do is do myself up.

	Think, sink and think of you everyday, every night. Every, how easier is it to say (than actual every I). I can build up any environment about you. But, it is uncertain whether my interpretation toward you is true or not. I can think of you every moment, but you do not know this fact.

	The idea to try to write some islands in my mother language came through my mind, but not to do. (Because it hurts so much) You don't know why. You don't know everytime everything and nor do I.

	I can swallow your everything, maybe. I want to have a sex with you. (But no guts in me) Always I have to cease my passion, somehow. I don't want to conceal myself emotions anymore. You won't accept me in the last so I don't do anything. I always decide not to act. And die. Das bad. I want to have a sex with you without guts. However, I want to have a sex with you with guts. But I've no guts, somehow. And die. And I. And die. Death or death. You'll laugh at me. And die. It's pretty good.

	Using a foreign language is the best tool to set up my own death. I can calculate everything with this language. Buying some vegetables for your health. I can generate some meals on words (like this.) Delicious sex. Porn with you. Ahh. I just want to feel somebody's warmth. Your presence. Touch of your skin. NNN. Probably I cannot turn this text into literature work. If only I could spend a whole day only with you.